docs: add KongServiceFacade docs and examples (#5298)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: FEATURE_GATES.md

backendRefs, KIC will generate a single Kong service with endpoints from both
serviceA and serviceB, named for the first rule and match indices with that
combination of Services.

## Using KongServiceFacade

In KIC 3.1.0 we introduced a new feature called `KongServiceFacade`. Currently, we only

> support `KongServiceFacade` to be used as a backend for `netv1.Ingress`es.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support `KongServiceFacade` to be used as a backend for `networking.k8s.io/v1` `Ingress`es.
```
`netv1` is jargon that I don't expect to be understandable by the general public :slightly_smiling_face:

```

### Usage

Once the CRD is installed and the feature gate is set to `true`, you can start using it by creating
`KongServiceFacade` objects and use them as your `netv1.Ingress` backends. For example, to create
a `KongServiceFacade` that points to a service named `my-service` in the `default` namespace and uses
its port number `80`, you can run:

```shell
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: incubator.konghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: KongServiceFacade
metadata:
  name: my-service-facade
  namespace: default
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/ingress.class: kong
spec:
  backendRef:
    name: my-service
    port: 80
EOF
```

For a complete CRD reference please see the [incubator-crd-reference] document. 

To use the `KongServiceFacade` as a backend for your `netv1.Ingress`, you can create an `Ingress`
like the following:

```shell
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: my-ingress
  namespace: default
  annotations:
    konghq.com/strip-path: "true"
spec:
  ingressClassName: kong
  rules:
  - http:
      paths:
      - path: /my-service
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          resource:

>             apiGroup: incubator.konghq.com

Reviewer 2: This is a real URL that redirects to docs. Do we have a naming scheme for api versions with KIC/for k8s at Kong in general?

Author: > This is a real URL that redirects to docs.
As long as we are in control (Kong) of the domain, URL being real shouldn't be a big deal. No one expects API groups to be valid/invalid URLs but unique.

>Do we have a naming scheme for api versions with KIC/for k8s at Kong in general?
In Gateway Operator we're using `gateway-operator.konghq.com`. In KIC we've been using `configuration.konghq.com` only so far. Kuma uses `kuma.io` domain. 

We cannot fix `configuration.konghq.com` to be KIC-specific enough, but if you like we can make `incubator` to be `incubator.ingresscontroller.konghq.com` so we're sure we're in a KIC namespace.

What I don't like about it is that we'll be inconsistent by doing so.

Author: After the Slack discussion: https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/5302

Author: Waiting for [#968](https://github.com/Kong/charts/pull/968), [#969](https://github.com/Kong/charts/pull/969) in charts to be merged to resolve this discussion.

            kind: KongServiceFacade
            name: my-service-facade
EOF
```

Please note the `KongServiceFacade` must be in the same namespace as the `Ingress` that uses it.

An advantage of using `KongServiceFacade` over plain `corev1.Service`s is that you can create multiple
`KongServiceFacade`s that point to the same `Service` and KIC will always generate one Kong Service per each
`KongServiceFacade`. That enables you to, e.g., use different `KongPlugin`s for each `KongServiceFacade`
while still pointing to the same Kubernetes `Service`. A single `KongServiceFacade` may be used in multiple
`Ingress`es and customization done through the `KongServiceFacade`'s annotations will be honored in all of them

> on a single Kong Service level (no need to duplicate annotations in multiple `Ingress`es).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a single Kong Service level (no need to duplicate annotations in multiple `Ingress`es).

A recommended, generally available alternative to `KongServiceFacade` exists: you can
create several Kubernetes `Service`s with the same selector. `KongServiceFacade` should
be useful if you are unable to use the `Service` alternative. Reasons known at the
moment of writing are: using certain mesh solutions (Consul Connect) that [impose a
"single service only" requirement](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/issues/68) and (hypothetical) performance implications of
repetitive kube-proxy reconciliation.
```
